Why am I smelly? blank
Wow that's a nice blank
Can I suck your blank?
Je suis un blank.
My favourite hobby is blank.
Will you blank me?
Where are you taking me? blank.
I always eat blank for desert.
I like to blank with children.
I like to consume blank.
50% of all marriages end in blank.
Next from J.K. Rowling: Harry Potter and the Chamber of blank.
My guilty pleasure is blank
What is there a ton of in heaven? blank.
Alternative medicine is now embracing the curative powers of blank.
I drink to forget blank.
Sorry Daniel, I didn't complete my homework due to blank
How did I lose my virginity? blank. 
blank. That was so metal.
What is this sound I hear? blank
I got 99 problems but blank ain't one
Art is just so much more than just paintings in a museum, art is blank.
Old Macdonald had a blank. 
My craziest fetish is to play with blank
Why can't I sleep at night? blank
What is extremely wide and revolves around the sun? blank
Life for American Indians was forever changed when the White Man introduced them to blank.
Kids, I don't need drugs to get high. I'm high on blank.
What made my first kiss so awkward? blank.
Why do I hurt all over? blank
But before I kill you, Mr. Bond, I must show you blank.
Hello young scientist, today we will talk about the physics of blank.
War! What is it good for? blank.
What gives me uncontrollable gas? blank
Why am I sticky? blank
Daddy, why is mommy crying? blank
What are you doing tonight? blank
blank. It's a trap!
What makes life worth living? blank
I get by with a little help from blank. 
blank Has been the worst crime ever committed.
Ted Bundy ain't got shit on blank
Click here for blank!!!
Next up on Channel 4: Ramsay's blank Nightmares.
blank? Yeah nah.
Name a show that would be better if the two main characters had sex. blank
blank Is a delicacy in some parts of the world.
blank Is already an optimal situation, we don't have to do anything about it.
blank Is fake news
Donald Trump is blank.