Why am I smelly? Sex
Wow that’s a nice Algorithm.
Can I suck your Dick?
Je suis un Baguette.
My favourite hobby is Masturbating.
Will you Fuck me?
Where are you taking me? Auswitch.
I always eat Shit for desert.
I like to Foreplay with children.
I like to consume Microplastics.
50% of all marriages end in Schoolshooting.
Next from J.K. Rowling: Harry Potter and the Chamber of GermanDungeonPorn.
My guilty pleasure is peniscutting
What is there a ton of in heaven? Refugees.
Alternative medicine is now embracing the curative powers of Machinelearning.
I drink to forget CampusFryslan.
Sorry Daniel, I didn’t complete my homework due to Pornhub
How did I lose my virginity? Indira. 
Necrophilia. That was so metal.
What is this sound I hear? Rohinas
I got 99 problems but Kanker ain’t one
Art is just so much more than just paintings in a museum, art is LanaRhoades.
Old Macdonald had Jews. 
My craziest fetish is to play with Python
Why can’t I sleep at night? Heartbreak
What is extremely wide and revolves around the sun? Uranus
Life for American Indians was forever changed when the White Man introduced them to Auswhich.
Kids, I don't need drugs to get high. I'm high on Gluesniffing.
What made my first kiss so awkward? Duco.
Why do I hurt all over? Blackpeople
But before I kill you, Mr. Bond, I must show you GILFs.
Hello young scientist, today we will talk about the physics of Girls
War! What is it good for? Energy.
What gives me uncontrollable gas? Beer
Why am I sticky? Boys
Daddy, why is mommy crying? Abuse
What are you doing tonight? Schoolshooting
Hitler. It’s a trap!
What makes life worth living? KKK
I get by with a little help from Dildos. 
DrMartens Has been the worst crime ever committed.
Ted Bundy ain’t got shit on DrPhill.
Click here for Nazi!!!
Next up on Channel 4: Ramsay's Anorexia Nightmares.
Asians? Yeah nah.
Name a show that would be better if the two main characters had sex. Avatar.
Burrito Is a delicacy in some parts of the world.
ClimateChange Is already an optimal situation, we don’t have to do anything about it.
Corona Is fake news.
Donald Trump is JBieber.
What made my first kiss so awkward? Duco.
50% of all marriages end in Duco.
Alternative medicine is now embracing the curative powers of shit.
Anus Is a delicacy in some parts of the world.
What made my first kiss so awkward? Gerian.
Vegan. That was so metal.
I got 99 problems but bitch ain’t one
I like to consume dead children.
Click here for porn!!!
But before I kill you, Mr. Bond, I must show you piemeltje.
Can I suck your ears?
What is extremely wide and revolves around the sun? uranus
My favourite hobby is jerking.
What are you doing tonight? sex
My favourite hobby is killing.
Name a show that would be better if the two main characters had sex. Avatar
Name a show that would be better if the two main characters had sex. Avatar
I got 99 problems but you ain’t one
Next from J.K. Rowling: Harry Potter and the Chamber of anus.
asians? Yeah nah.
I get by with a little help from friends. 
What is this sound I hear? duco
Wow that’s a nice cock
penis Is a delicacy in some parts of the world.
What is this sound I hear? kanker
Climate change Is already an optimal situation, we don’t have to do anything about it.
Click here for nazi!!!
Can I suck your ears?
Will you neuk me?
anal Has been the worst crime ever committed.
I get by with a little help from myself. 
anus Is a delicacy in some parts of the world.
But before I kill you, Mr. Bond, I must show you penis.
Name a show that would be better if the two main characters had sex. avatar
corona Is fake news
War! What is it good for? death.
I got 99 problems but bitch ain’t one
I get by with a little help from friends. 
What are you doing tonight? masturbating
What is there a ton of in heaven? refugees.
But before I kill you, Mr. Bond, I must show you cum.
What made my first kiss so awkward? Duco.
Will you fuck me?
Old Macdonald had jews. 
Click here for porn!!!
Why am I smelly? uranus
Why do I hurt all over? blacksWhat’s that sound? Blank
What made my first kiss so awkward? duco.
I like to fuck with children.
I like to consume cum.
My craziest fetish is to play with indira
hitler. It’s a trap!
necrophilia. That was so metal.
But before I kill you, Mr. Bond, I must show you gilfs.
What is extremely wide and revolves around the sun?
Art is just so much more than just paintings in a museum, art is homophobia.
death. That was so metal.
What are you doing tonight? schoolshooting
Click here for tits!!!
I drink to forget corona.
God Has been the worst crime ever committed.
50% of all marriages end in fake news.
Why can’t I sleep at night? heartbreak
Wow that’s a nice dick
Life for American Indians was forever changed when the White Man introduced them to animalsex.
Why can’t I sleep at night? pornhub
bathwater Is a delicacy in some parts of the world.
burrito Is a delicacy in some parts of the world.
Why do I hurt all over? blackpeople
germandungeonporn. That was so metal.
50% of all marriages end in heartbreak.
Next from J.K. Rowling: Harry Potter and the Chamber of kkk.
Click here for daniel!!!
I get by with a little help from whitesupremacy. 
Daddy, why is mommy crying? abuse
What is extremely wide and revolves around the sun?
climatechange Is fake news
Next up on Channel 4: Ramsay's anorexia Nightmares.
What are you doing tonight? 69
What is this sound I hear?
What is extremely wide and revolves around the sun? Uranus.
ears Is a delicacy in some parts of the world.
Where are you taking me? slaughterhouse.
Daddy, why is mommy crying? mexicans
Will you love me?
Next up on Channel 4: Ramsay's gluesniffing Nightmares.
nazi? Yeah nah.
Can I suck your dick?
My favourite hobby is twogirlsonecup.
What’s that sound? Blank
anal Has been the worst crime ever committed.
Ted Bundy ain’t got shit on asians
I got 99 problems but kanker ain’t one
I like to foreplay with children.
Why do I hurt all over? lanarhoades
My favourite hobby is orgy.
milkman. It’s a trap!
I got 99 problems but python ain’t one
Why am I smelly? cum
What gives me uncontrollable gas? campusfryslan
My craziest fetish is to play with python
Where are you taking me? drphill.
My favourite hobby is school.
Why do I hurt all over? mexicans
milfs Is a delicacy in some parts of the world.
Art is just so much more than just paintings in a museum, art is deforestation.
Can I suck your books?
My favourite hobby is blowjob.
peniscutting. That was so metal.
Next up on Channel 4: Ramsay's twogirlsonecup Nightmares.
What are you doing tonight? duco
Click here for badmotherfucker!!!
What makes life worth living? jews
Next up on Channel 4: Ramsay's reflection Nightmares.
god Has been the worst crime ever committed.
What makes life worth living? beerpong
Art is just so much more than just paintings in a museum, art is lanarhoades.
50% of all marriages end in schoolshooting.
elderly. It’s a trap!
Life for American Indians was forever changed when the White Man introduced them to pornhub.
I drink to forget heartbreak.
I like to code with children.
I get by with a little help from dildos. 
girls Is a delicacy in some parts of the world.
Je suis un milkman.
Art is just so much more than just paintings in a museum, art is milfs.
Why am I smelly? auswitch
Can I suck your leader?
I drink to forget orgasm.
Alternative medicine is now embracing the curative powers of love.
My favourite hobby is unoriginality.
Daddy, why is mommy crying? theft
Name a show that would be better if the two main characters had sex. avatar
I got 99 problems but slavery ain’t one
whites? Yeah nah.
What’s that sound? Blank
What gives me uncontrollable gas? burrito
Je suis un baguette.
What’s that sound? Blank
Donald Trump is jbieber.
What makes life worth living? thebeurs
Hello young scientist, today we will talk about the physics of 420.
rohinas Is fake news
Je suis un baguette.
Why can’t I sleep at night? alzheimers
Why can’t I sleep at night? positivity
Old Macdonald had a jew. 
Can I suck your dick?
drphill. It’s a trap!
twogirlsonecup. It’s a trap!
Can I suck your pedophelia?
But before I kill you, Mr. Bond, I must show you 69.
nazi. It’s a trap!
Daddy, why is mommy crying? abuse
Ted Bundy ain’t got shit on wilders
Je suis un nerd.
pyromania Is a delicacy in some parts of the world.
I got 99 problems but slavery ain’t one
Wow that’s a nice orgy
What made my first kiss so awkward? gerian.
My guilty pleasure is to alcohol
Wow that’s a nice mom
Daddy, why is mommy crying? refugees
Donald Trump is jbieber.
Can I suck your weed?
Old Macdonald had a jew. 
What is this sound I hear?
I always eat dildos for desert.
Daddy, why is mommy crying? hackerman
What makes life worth living? drmartens
jbieber Has been the worst crime ever committed.
I like to consume voldemort.
Old Macdonald had a loser. 
Art is just so much more than just paintings in a museum, art is foreplay.
What makes life worth living? party
My craziest fetish is to play with friends
Why am I smelly? wealth
How did I lose my virginity? dancing. 
Where are you taking me? twogirlsonecup.
My guilty pleasure is to gluesniffing
Je suis un baguette.
deforestation Has been the worst crime ever committed.
I always eat poverty for desert.
How did I lose my virginity? gerian. 
What’s that sound? Blank
Where are you taking me? slaughterhouse.
Where are you taking me? dancing.
I got 99 problems but alzheimers ain’t one
What is extremely wide and revolves around the sun?
Sorry Daniel, I didn’t complete my homework due to heartbreak
education. That was so metal.
education. That was so metal.
What makes life worth living? bathwater
Why can’t I sleep at night? schoolshooting
Click here for porn!!!
Can I suck your tits?
Can I suck your dick?
What is there a ton of in heaven? beer.
What makes life worth living? corona
How did I lose my virginity? naomi. 
I get by with a little help from python. 
Will you fuck me?
Can I suck your tits?
Wow that’s a nice mom
Art is just so much more than just paintings in a museum, art is weed.
What is this sound I hear?
My favourite hobby is jerking.
I get by with a little help from whitesupremacy. 
Will you deny slavery me?
Why do I hurt all over? canibalism
datascience? Yeah nah.
impulsivity. It’s a trap!
I like to teenmom with children.
Next up on Channel 4: Ramsay's burrito Nightmares.
What are you doing tonight? streaking
War! What is it good for? slavery.
I always eat code for desert.
Why can’t I sleep at night? mexicans
studying. That was so metal.
Where are you taking me? blackpeople.
What is extremely wide and revolves around the sun?
Next from J.K. Rowling: Harry Potter and the Chamber of hackerman.
Will you planecrash me?
education Is a delicacy in some parts of the world.
I like to consume elderly.
My guilty pleasure is studying
